# E.I.E.-Data-Management-System
About Project
E.I.E. Data Management System is based on a concept of recording students and teacher records of a college. Before stepping into the main system a user has to pass through a login system to get access, then only the user can add a new student entry, teachers entry and display the full information about the students and teachers. This mini project contains limited features, but the essential one.
Talking about the features of the E.I.E. Data Management System, after logging in as a user he/she has to select whether to enter Student’s information and biodata section or Instructor’s. After entering the student’s section, the user can add students entry, display the student’s entry. To delete a record, the user has to delete the (.txt) file from the project folder as this project focuses on adding and retrieving files. While adding a student’s entry, he/she has to provide the details which includes the first name and last name of the student, registration number, and class.
Similarly, in the teacher’s section, the user can add teachers entry and display it. While adding a teacher’s entry, he/she has to provide the details which includes the first name and last name of the teacher, qualification, experience, year in college, subject, lecture per week, payment, address, phone number, and blood group. The user can view students as well as teacher’s information easily which displays each and every detail of the respective ones.
This mini project mainly focuses on adding and retrieving files. E.I.E. Data Management System is developed using C++ Programming Language and different variables, strings have been used for the development of it. College Data Management System in C++ Programming is free to download with source code. Use for educational purposes only! This mini project provides the simplest system for managing students and teachers record in a college.
